The twenty twelve race has officially begun and
President Obama launched his first ad and
the reason he is doing this now he is officially
launching his campaign is so that he can start
collecting money he wants to collect up to
a billion dollars I mean look at how wrong
our system is how's the average guy going
to run for president when the incumbent raises
a billion dollars I mean we used to think
Obama was an average guy his actions favoring
the establishment makes us think perhaps it
wasn't so and remember his top donor in the
last election was Goldman Sachs so anyway
he's going to go raise a billion dollars and
he's started out with an ad the ad is curious
in a lot of different ways first it hardly
has President Obama second as you're about
to see it lacks some degree of energy and
excitement because what are you supposed to
get excited about and then third of all he
basically pins it on you and says well you
know look it's up to you to get me elected
it's I have a lot more to say about it afterwards
but also of course as usual with politics
check out the different races and states that
people are from gee I wonder if they'll be
swing states and I wonder if they'll be diverse
let's watch well it seems like the last couple
of elections that we've had have been almost
kind of like turning point campaigns I"m kind
of nervous about it it's like it's coming
here it is two thousand twelve the election
I think it needs to reflect the changes that
we've seen in the last two and a half years
then we had an underdog senator you know nobody
thought that he had a chance and now he's
the President I just saw the energy and hope
that he had for this country even though I
couldn't exactly vote at the time I knew that
someday I'd be able to help re-elect him and
that's what I plan on doing we're not leaving
it up to chance we're not leaving it up to
oh the incumbent that type of thing this is
an election that we have to win and unfortunately
President Obama is one person he cannot go
plus he's got a job you know we're paying
him to do a job so we can't say hey could
you just take some time off and come and get
us all energized so we better figure it out
I can't not be involved there's just too much
that is fundamentally important right now
that's going on as a community we all have
the same concerns we all want our kids to
go to school and learn and graduate we want
jobs to be out there we want people to have
homes we want people to have opportunity I
don't agree with Obama on everything but I
respect him and I trust him there's so many
things that are still on the table that need
to be addressed and we want them to be addressed
by President Obama I had this perception that
politics was all show it was all soundbites
but politics is how we govern ourselves that's
what politics is and at the grassroots level
it's individuals talking to other individuals
and making a difference this commercial is
you know politics cliche one oh one you got
the church in the background you got the waving
flag I almost expected Ronald Reagan to ride
in like a cowboy with his cowboy hat alright
I got it dude second of all you know you got
the standard you got the black lady from Michigan
a swing state you got the latino ah latina
lady from Arizona a swing state you got the
white guy from North Carolina a swing state
and then but the thing that I was most amused
by is how he's put it on us he's like you
know he had remember this is his campaign
ad these are not accidents these are not random
people that are speaking out okay they choose
these clips to put in the ad so they have
the black lady from Michigan saying oh he's
too busy he can't run for President no no
no he can't be bothered he's got his comfortable
slippers on you gotta do it it's on you okay
so all this time he hasn't been fighting for
us but now he can't be bothered to run his
own campaign by the way why did they put that
in there because it seems like such a like
curious thing if you're just an outsider you
don't know politics the reason they put that
in there it's because to deflect criticism
from the Republicans who've been saying that
President Obama's too distracted he's doing
his brackets and he's golfing too much etc
as your about to see in an ad right and immediately
the RNC came out in a statement and said oh
the President is launching his campaign in
the middle of Libya blah blah blah blah blah
you it always whenever he launched his campaign
he'd be in the middle of blah blah blah blah
blah he's the President is he supposed to
go say to the whole world excuse me excuse
me I'm going to let you finish in a little
bit whether it's the Libyan war the Japan
nuclear reactors the economy or whatever but
first I gotta announce my campaign and the
world stops they're like yeah okay okay now
we can resume no he's gotta do it in the middle
he's the President so the reason I bring that
up is there's always unfair Republican criticism
don't bother responding to it with things
like this and but that's probably the reason
Barack Obama isn't even in the ad it's because
they're like oh no no no the President didn't
have time to do an ad oh no no no he's not
filling out his brackets you know what he
did he wouldn't throw out the first pitch
because he was so scared of that criticism
stop being scarred of criticism you're going
to lose the election this way the young guy
in the ad he says oh I couldn't vote for him
before but now I'm so excited I can't wait
to vote for him really what are you excited
about I read an article about how the youth
vote is incredibly disillusioned because they
actually dared to believe in two thousand
eight that we were going to change the system
and they now look at it and go what have we
changed I mean even the good stuff you know
if you like healthcare reform and you know
I'm mixed on it but if you like it they're
like okay it got a little better but I still
have to buy private insurance and I'm still
what did we change the system did we change
the system do you remember he talked about
changing the way washington works he announced
an ad a campaign where they're trying to raise
a billion dollars to get elected what change
what changed so and look that's not me talking
I'll always base it on the facts look at a
recent poll from the Washington Post in February
of two thousand nine of course a little after
the President got into office youth approval
rating eighteen to twenty nine year olds had
him sky high at eighty four percent now he's
down to sixty three percent now look sixty
three percent is still a pretty good number
but he lost twenty one percent and a lot of
even the sixty three percent they said yeah
that might if you ask them if they had to
vote for Obama or someone else they're going
to vote for Obama but they don't have to vote
are you enthusiastic about it and the answer
is no so you know you can put a young kid
in there with pimples and freckles and be
like yeah I'm so excited what are you excited
about what happened okay and then again the
conventional wisdom he has a white guy from
North Carolina saying in the ad I don't like
everything Obama's doing or I don't agree
with it but you know I guess I'm going to
have to vote for him because the other side
is a bunch of lunatics you know that's the
essence of the message why are you admitting
you got white guys in North Carolina who don't
agree with you why because Washington says
so oh you should acknowledge it you should
acknowledge white people don't like you and
then afterwards stop man stop can you just
stop responding to them for one minute and
actually do things you believe in if there
are in face things you believe in so to say
that I'm not overly impressed with the first
ad is a wild understatement at least he recognizes
the importance of latino voters that's the
best thing I can say about
the ad